>> Mike North: Let's implement
our own precaching, so
we haven't dealt with this file yet,
it's been here this whole time.
It's called asset manifest.json and
if you fetch this,
in fact if you go into your dist
folder this file is probably there.
So go ahead and open that up and you will
see that it is a flat JavaScript object.
The keys are,
they look similar to the file names
of important things in your project.
The values are the true file
names of those built assets.
So you can really,
like we don't know what the true
file name of app.js ends up being.
Because we get that fingerprint
built into the file name.
This is sort of the way of taking
the fact that we know we need app.js,
where is the file I have to go and
download?
This is the way to do that.
So, in short,
in the install event handler,
we're gonna fetch this file.
And once we get this, we're going
to use the contents of this file
in order to make sure that,
at the very least.
We precache the JavaScript for
whatever the next version
of the app might be,right?
And if you wanna go a little bit deeper,
you could do the JavaScript,
the web app manifest,
and all of the images.
And then in the activate handler you're
going to want to delete all of the old
caches.
Because this represents like
a new surface worker, rising and
taking charge of the application.
And there's a function for you that's
already built, it's in client/sw/caches.
And I think it's called
delete unused caches, or
clear unused caches, something like that.
This is a really good generic
like utility method to use.
So you basically pass it an array
of caches you wish to keep, and
anything it finds that doesn't match that,
it will get rid of.
In Steve's example, in the little glitch,
you might notice that he's got
a cache name that has a v1 in it.
So we gotta make sure that we version our
caches, so that we know what's new and
what's old.
We don't wanna keep writing
over the same stuff,
cuz it makes it difficult for
us to manage failures.
So let's say, for example, like version
two of our app is launched, and
we're downloading all of
the assets to pre-cache.
If we're overwriting the stuff that is
in version one of the app, when we fail,
we've left the good service worker
that's currently in charge.
With something that's halfway
between two versions of our app.
So that's why we always wanna like,
when a service worker is deactivated,
it's cache goes along with it.
And then when that service
worker is activated,
it's sort of in charge of
setting its own cache up.
And these two are sort of
coupled together in that way.
So in the activate handler, because we're
guaranteed to now have a good version of
the app,
we've just downloaded it successfully.
We will go and delete all of
the stuff we don't need anymore.
And this is really powerful, right,
because it means we always have
a good version of the app somewhere.
When we start working towards offline,
we have to have something
in memory at all times.
Some version of the JavaScript
has to be there.
And this means that we're
never leaping across some
gap where a failure at some
point will cause us problems.
Here it's almost like at a moment in time,
we have both the old and
new version and we know that they work.
In hand, and only then will we
get rid of the old version,
there's no dangerous point.
And then in the fetch handler,
we are going to use caches.match to
try to serve these assets from
pre-cache falling back to fetch, right?
We have a bias for serving instantly, and
our backup plan is to go to the Internet
and get it over the network.
But this will give us something
to talk about over lunch,
we will have our first
caching strategy in place.
Our app will boot much faster, and
we're gonna work our way towards this
thing operating completely offline.
That's where we're going
in the early afternoon.